README.md, before:

# Reading Notes for Kindle
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/mammuth" target="_blank"><img src="https://bmc-cdn.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/BMC-button-images/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: auto !important;width: auto !important;" ></a>

:books: Reading Notes is a free and open source web application for maintaining your **Kindle Highlights**.

http://reading-notes.com

**Features:**
- Upload and search through your clippings
- Filter clippings by books
- **E-Mail delivery** of a random quote (daily, bi-weekly, weekly)
- Nerdy statistics about your clippings
- Page with a random quote (can be used as new-tab page or on wall-mounted screens).

## Contribute
Feel free to open issues or PRs!
This is a pretty simple django application with a good'ol HTML frontend generated by django. It's hosted on Divio.

#### Project setup
- `docker-compose up` - done! :rocket:
- manage.py commands can be executed as follows: `docker-compose run --rm web python manage.py migrate`
- Optionally configure the `EMAIL_URL` environment variable when you want to send mails (`cp .env-local.example .env-local`)


## Roadmap
- Integrate with more services than just Kindle
- Restful API for retrieving ones notes
- Export in various formats 
- Slack Bot

Commit message:

feat: Allow excluding books from email delivery (fixes #57) (#58)
* feat: Allow excluding books from email delivery (fixes #57)

* fix: Address code review feedback - Add missing i18n tags, move imports to top, show all books, use explicit book.title

README.md, after:

# Reading Notes for Kindle
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/mammuth" target="_blank"><img src="https://bmc-cdn.nyc3.digitaloceanspaces.com/BMC-button-images/custom_images/orange_img.png" alt="Buy Me A Coffee" style="height: auto !important;width: auto !important;" ></a>

:books: Reading Notes is a free and open source web application for maintaining your **Kindle Highlights**.

http://reading-notes.com

**Features:**
- Upload and search through your clippings
- Filter clippings by books
- **E-Mail delivery** of a random quote (daily, bi-weekly, weekly)
- **Exclude specific books** from email delivery
- Nerdy statistics about your clippings
- Page with a random quote (can be used as new-tab page or on wall-mounted screens).

## Contribute
Feel free to open issues or PRs!
This is a pretty simple django application with a good'ol HTML frontend generated by django. It's hosted on Divio.

#### Project setup
1. Copy environment file: `cp .env-local.example .env-local`
2. Start containers: `docker-compose up --build`
3. Run migrations: `docker-compose run --rm web python manage.py migrate`
4. Create superuser: `docker-compose run --rm web python manage.py createsuperuser`
5. Configure Django CMS apphook (see below)

#### Django CMS Apphook Configuration
After starting the server, you need to configure the Django CMS apphook for the app to work:

1. Go to `http://localhost:8000/admin/` and log in with your superuser account
2. Navigate to **CMS → Pages**
3. Click **"New Page"** and give it a title (e.g., "Reading Notes")
4. Save the page, then click on **"Advanced settings"**
5. In the **APPLICATION** dropdown, select **"Clipping Manager Application"**
6. Set **APPLICATION INSTANCE NAME** to `clipping_manager`
7. Save and **Publish** the page
8. The app is now accessible at the page URL (e.g., `/en/reading-notes/`)

#### Other commands
- manage.py commands can be executed as follows: `docker-compose run --rm web python manage.py migrate`
- Optionally configure the `EMAIL_URL` environment variable when you want to send mails


## Roadmap
- Integrate with more services than just Kindle
- Restful API for retrieving ones notes
- Export in various formats 
- Slack Bot
